Release notes for v0.12.3 (#865)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

network topologies where MTU issues are seen. To force a particular MSS clamping value use the `submariner.io/tcp-clamp-mss` node annotation
on Gateway nodes, e.g. `kubectl annotate node <node_name> submariner.io/tcp-clamp-mss=<value>`.

## v0.12.3

This is a bugfix release:

* Image version hashes are now 12 character long, avoiding possible collisions between images.
* Stop using cluster-owned tag for AWS cloud prepare, fixing problems with Submariner security groups left over after uninstallation.
* Support overriding the MTU value used in TCP MSS clamping, allowing fine tuning of MTU when necessary.
* CNI interface annotations created by Submariner are now removed during uninstallation.
* Bump x/text to address CVE-2021-38561 and CVE-2022-32149.
* Diagnose now validates if the `OVNKubernetes` CNI is supported by the deployed Submariner.
* Set `DNSPolicy` to `ClusterFirstWithHostNet` for pods that run with host networking.

> * Write the DNS message response body when it is not a `ServerFailure` to avoid unnecessary client retries.

Reviewer: Can we include some reference to Lighthouse in this sentence?

Author: I'm open to suggestions :)

> * Write the DNS message response body when it is not a `ServerFailure` to avoid unnecessary client retries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service Discovery now writes the DNS message response body when it is not a `ServerFailure` to avoid unnecessary client retries.
```
